[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he stood
upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER]
You want my treasure?
You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR]
Now, those who dare to dream
hoist their flags and sail
into the Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR]
It's been two years
since the War of the
Best in Marineford.
Scattered across the world,
Luffy and his crew
underwent special training
to prepare for the trials ahead.
Now, they return to the
Sabaody Archipelago
and move forward to next
stage of their journey:
The New World.
[laughing]
We aren't getting ready
to take off, are we?
We're still missing
half the crew here!
I mean, did Luffy even make
it to the archipelago yet?
It's all under control!
[FAKE SANJI]
Captain!
Huh?
He's a "friend of the
crew," if you follow.
Say hi.
[RAYLEIGH]
In other words,
Luffy arrived earlier
this morning.
I gave Sanji a baby Transponder
Snail when he stopped by,
so I'll tell him to come back.
He should have Zoro
with him, too.
Fine! You wanna fight me?
I trained these legs on the
shores of hell for two years!
[ZORO]
Then you better use them to run!
'Cause I will cut you in half!
[ZORO, SANJI yelling]
Good.
We should hurry,
because any moment now,
the Navy will be attacking
with a sizable force.
Unfortunately, there's no way
to contact your captain.
But if you follow
this Vivre card,
you should be able
to hunt him down.
Let's hope the fake Straw
Hats buy you a bit of time.
[RAYLEIGH]
Grove 42 is on the outskirts,
so it's close to the sea.
Take the Sunny there
and be ready to depart
on a moment's notice.
I'm sure you'd like to relax
after these two difficult years,
but it wasn't meant to be.
The winds of the New
World wait for no one.
[LUFFY]
"The Battle is On!
Show Them What You
Got From Training!"
[RAYLEIGH] That should cover
the basics at least,
but read this before
you set out.
I doubt the coating
will give you trouble,
but better safe than sorry.
Thanks for the tips.
This should be fun.
Do you guys think Luffy
grew a big beard,
or big muscles, or something?
Oh, man, I bet he
looks cool now!
I'm sure he does.
Okay, enough talk!
Let's head to Grove 42!
Oh, right, guess I better give
Zoro and Sanji a call, then.
I'm worried, though.
Knowing Luffy, he's
probably finding some way
to get into trouble as we speak.
[gasps] It'll be our
trouble soon enough.
This is gonna be another
wild ride, isn't it?
[CHOPPER]
Ooh, I have an idea!
Let me go pick him up.
This'll be good, I promise!
[giggles]
[SOUL KING FANS yelling]
If you don't get out of our way,
we'll arrest every
last one of you!
I'd like to see you try!
Just let the man play his
rock n' roll damn it!
[EDITOR A] Hey, what's
going on over there?
It's outta control,
I'll tell you that much!
The Navy came to arrest
Soul King during his show
and now his fans are rioting!
Looks like he made
his escape, though.
You skinless traitor!
I'm gonna make you pay!
[yells]
[REPORTER A] Anyway, that's
not the big story here.
Soul King is actually a pirate
known as the Humming Swordsman.
He's one of the Straw Hats!
[BROOK laughing]
Thank you for the
ride, my friend.
And that was impeccable
timing, I must say!
You can thank Shakky for
puttin' all this together.
Your friends should be waiting
for you at Grove 42.
I'm so eager to see them again,
my heart is beating
out of my chest.
Kidding. Obviously,
my chest is an empty void!
[BROOk laughing]
[ZORO, SANJI yelling]
Why are they even fighting?
I don't know, but both of
'em are strong as heck!
Still standing after all that?
Maybe you got
stronger after all.
Yeah, and your
itty-bitty baby attacks
actually tickle a little now.
Too bad they still
don't hurt as bad
as your food hurts my stomach.
[BOTH]
Wanna fight about it?
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL A ringing]
[BOTH]
Hm?
[FRANKY]
So, here's the skinny, brother.
Luffy's on the island,
somewhere,
but the Navy's
about to close in,
and the rest of the crew
is headed to Grove 42.
Meet us there.
Roger that, Franky.
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL A]
Cu-lick.
What's up?
Great. You mean you
weren't listening?
Well, let's see.
Navy, come here.
Us pirates, ship. Run away.
Is that clear enough?
Why are you talking like that?!
Did you hit your
head or somethin'?
[SANJI sighs]
Sorry. I just thought I'd
speak on your level for once.
[ZORO]
Huh?!
All right then. After this,
stupid cook die.
Real funny.
Anyway, you know what all the
racket over there's about?
[SANJI]
Huh?
[PIRATES yelling]
[SANJI]
You, right. Noisy, there.
[PIRATES yelling]
[LUFFY] Wow. These guys
sure are worked up.
[FAKE LUFFY] All right, that's
enough yakking! Listen!
Turns out Sanji and Zoro
found one of the guys
who insulted me.
In fact, he's here
with us right now!
Look at this little punk!
I'm gonna beat a lesson into
him with my own two hands!
'Cause when you piss me off,
then things get ugly!
And let this be a lesson
to all of you, too.
If you ever cross me,
if you ever disrespect me,
you're gonna end up
just like this chump!
Don't forget who's
the boss of this crew!
Is that perfectly clear?
[PIRATES yelling]
He earned that bounty somehow,
and it wasn't by
playing nicey-nice.
What's with this guy?
Zoro, Sanji, he a friend
of yours or somethin'?
'Cause I don't
think he likes me.
We've got you surrounded!
Nobody move an inch!
Straw Hat Luffy, you and
the rest of your crew
are under arrest!
Surrender immediately!
The Navy?
And don't bother
running away.
We've blocked off
every exit in Grove 46.
You guys leave with us,
or you're gonna
leave in a body bag!
But my disguise is perfect.
How did the Navy
know I was here?
What? Why would you think
this was about you?
Captain, please tell me
we're not all dead.
Stop flippin' out.
We'll be just fine!
Why do you think we
recruited all these guys?
We've got pirates with
100 million bounties here!
But this is scary.
Then sit back and watch!
Heh.
Caribou, you're up!
Use that Marine as a shield and
make us a path outta this dump!
Wait, what Marine?
We sent a scout here earlier,
and it looks like he
was taken captive.
Dammit, that's not good.
[CARIBOU]
Huh?
I didn't quite catch
that one, boss,
wanna run it by me again?
[FAKE LUFFY]
Get with the program!
I said use the captive as
a shield and get us out!
What an interesting idea.
You want me to put
the poor sinner to use
while we still can?
[CARIBOU laughing]
[MARINES gasp]
[chuckles]
[laughing]
[grunts]
[FAKE LUFFY] What the hell
are you doin', Caribou?
We need him to escape!
Did you even hear me?
[CARIBOU laughs]
Although that would be
terribly convenient,
I'm afraid it simply won't do.
[FAKE LUFFY]
Why not?
Because he told me he hadn't
called the Navy yet,
and that makes him
a filthy little liar.
[MARINES gasp]
Caribou, no!
[chuckles]
[gunshot]
[MARINES gasp]
[FAKE LUFFY]
That crazy bastard!
Who's the captain here, damn it?
Oh, well. So much
for that plan.
You high and mighty types
seem to think it's all right
to lie to someone if they're
a so-called "bad guy."
Well, I object to that.
[laughs]
I guess they're not
surrendering, huh?
Should've figured as much.
Charge! Show the
pirates no mercy!
[MARINES yelling]
Good luck! Our boss
is Straw Hat Luffy.
He's not gonna lose to a buncha
chumps like you! Let's go!
[PIRATES yelling]
[ALL yelling]
If you've got a plan, I'd hurry!
Listen to your captain!
You guys're pissing me off!
That guy just said
that I was his boss,
but I've never even
seen him before.
I do not have time to deal
with your nonsense right now.
Aim for their captain
and charge!
I know you.
You're "Lip-Service" Doughty.
Your bounty's 88 million!
[chuckles]
You may be idiots, but at
least you're not cowards.
Don't let him
intimidate you! Uh!
[ALBION yelling]
[ALL scream]
[ALBION chuckles]
Holy crap.
He's got a bounty of 92 million.
That's "Gashed" Albion!
[MARINE S] We'll take them down!
Justice is on our side!
[MARINES]
Yeah!
[laughs]
The ground is soaked with
the blood of hypocrites.
Its overwhelming stench
makes me so sick.
[MARINE K] A 210 million bounty,
"Wet-Haired" Caribou!
[CARIBOU]
Huh?
Too late to surrender now!
Uh!
Damn it, no one said he
had a Devil Fruit power!
[laughs]
Why don't we all
slow down a bit?
Haven't you heard that stress
can lead to an early grave?
[MARINE K]
My sword!
[laughing]
--[gasps]
--[gunshot]
Those new recruits aren't half
bad. We got this in the bag!
I told you we'd be fine.
Hey, boys, I got a deal for ya!
Or rather, it's a contest to see
who can kill the most Marines
before they run away in terror!
Winner becomes my second mate!
Make those bastards bleed!
[PIRATES]
Yeah!
What d'you mean second mate?
Yeah, what about us?
I'd think of a way to make
myself useful if I were you.
We've got some real heavy
hitters on the crew now!
I might actually pull
this pirate thing off!
[FAKE LUFFY laughing]
[PIRATES yell]
[FAKE LUFFY gasps]
What?
Pacifistas!
Oh, hell.
[MARINES cheering]
Nobody told me they
were gonna be here.
[PIRATES scream]
I kinda wanna beat up
those robot guys,
but Hancock said to stay outta
trouble, so I guess I won't.
Those things'd
vaporize the mustache
off your stupid
face, you nutbag!
Monkey D. Luffy has been
identified. Commence attack.
Those things are
aiming straight at me!
Can I even run
or am I just dead?
I was hopin' I'd get to
rumble with them someday!
"Lip-Service" Doughty
identified and subdued.
Sustained no damage.
Searching for next target.
[PIRATES]
Captain Doughty!
[PIRATES scream]
Follow the Pacifistas! Capture
every pirate in your path!
[MARINES]
Yeah!
Doughty's out cold!
A bounty like that and
these guys took him down
in only one shot?
We're screwed.
Hey, Captain, wait
for us! Dang it!
I ain't waiting for nobody!
That thing took out Doughty!
I don't stand a chance!
[PIRATE H]
Straw Hat, do something!
You're the only one
who can stop them now!
[PIRATES scream]
I hate to beg, Captain,
but your whole crew is about
to get blown up over here!
There's nowhere left to run!
Huh? Aw, crap, he's gone!
Where is Straw Hat?
They keep calling for
their captain, but...
Slow down, you guys.
My side is killing me!
Screw your side! The lasers
are gonna kill you!
Get your fat ass out of my way!
Huh? Who is this idiot?
[FAKE LUFFY yelping]
He's here!
Captain Luffy!
[PIRATES cheering]
[chuckles]
This is gonna be good!
You paying attention, Coribou?
[CORIBOU]
No, I was spacing out...
Over here, moron!
Who are you bowing to?
Get 'em, Captain Luffy!
Show 'em what you're made of!
Would you look at that?
Guess we don't have
to die after all!
Am I mistaken, or did they
call you "Captain Luffy"?
Why wouldn't they call me that?
I mean, you realize who you're
talking to right now, don't you?
Go! Get outta my way
before I grab your intestines
and pull them out your ear!
I'd run if I were you!
You're face-to-face with the son
of Dragon the Revolutionary!
That means I'm the grandson
of the hero Garp!
I stared down the three Admirals
in the War of the Best!
Oh, and my bounty?
It clocks in at 400
million berries! I'm--
You're not Straw Hat,
you human pile of garbage.
Not even close!
Am I mistaken, or did they just
call you "Captain Luffy"?
Why wouldn't they call me that?
I mean, you realize who you're
talking to right now, don't you?
Go! Get outta my way
before I grab your intestines
and pull them out your ear!
I'd run if I were you!
You're face-to-face with the son
of Dragon the Revolutionary!
That means I'm the grandson
of the hero Garp!
I stared down the three Admirals
in the War of the Best!
Oh, and my bounty?
It clocks in at 400
million berries! I'm--
You're not Straw Hat,
you human pile of garbage.
Not even close!
[MARINE N]
Huh?
[ALBION]
[PIRATE O]
Uh?
[MARINES, PIRATES]
What?!
[PIRATE X] That guy just
took out Straw Hat!
So that's it. Fools.
They thought that they
could join the Straw Hats
and enter the New World.
PX-5, who is this imposter?
[PX-5] Confirmed. He is
"Triple-Tongued" Demaro Black.
A pirate with a 26
million Berry bounty.
Wait, if he's only worth
26 million, that means....
[PIRATES]
He's a fake?!
[groans]
Book it, guys! The jig is up!
What the hell are we
supposed to do now?
It's bad enough that
this guy tricked us,
but now he got the
Navy called on us, too?!
Guess the real Straw
Hat is dead after all.
What the hell?! You mean Straw
Hat didn't get fat and gross?
This guy was just fat
and gross to begin with?
[LUFFY]
Wait, what?
That fat gross guy was
pretending to be me?
That Sanji and Zoro...
they looked real,
but I guess they
were fakes, too.
Wow, this is blowin' my mind.
I gotta get out of here.
[SENTOMARU] I know you
aren't real Straw Hats
and you're just
victims of this fool,
but you're still pirates.
That means the lot of you
are coming with us!
And although I
cannot imagine why,
the real Straw Hat is
here somewhere, too.
When we entered the area,
PX-5 detected him on the
stage with the imposters.
Fire on Straw Hat, PX-5!
[PIRATES screaming]
[LUFFY]
That was close!
[LUFFY] You almost blew
up my all my lunches!
What did food ever do to you?
[PIRATES Z]
Uh...
[MARINES]
Huh?
[yelps]
[CARIBOU chuckles]
It's... It's really
him, isn't it?
[PIRATES]
That's Straw Hat Luffy!
[ALL yell]
The real Straw Hat was here
and we didn't even know?
Nothing has changed, men!
We came here to
capture Straw Hat
and that's what we're doing!
[MARINES]
Sir!
So there you are!
Agh! I had enough of you
the last time we fought!
I'm just tryin' to set sail!
I'm not supposed to
start any trouble!
[SENTOMARU]
Oh, it's no trouble,
but you won't be setting sail.
Unlike two years ago, I'm an
official Navy officer now.
That means I'm taking you in
if it's the last thing I do!
PX-5, fire!
Is that all?
What?
[LUFFY]
Second Gear.
You're way too slow.
[LUFFY]
Gum-Gum... Jet Pistol!
This is worse than I thought.
He can use Haki now.
[PIRATES] He beat a Pacifista!
And all it took was one punch!
[LUFFY laughs]
[LUFFY]
So long!
Though I have a feeling I'm
gonna see you again somewhere!
[SENTOMARU]
Get back here and fight me!
Don't let him go, men! Hurry!
[MARINES]
Yes, sir!
[chuckling]
[ZORO]
Hey! Luffy!
[gasps]
Luffy! Shoulda known!
All I had to do was
follow the explosions
and I knew I'd find you!
Ah!
Okay, it's you for
real this time!
This Zoro's not even
fat! Way to go!
Roronoa and Black Foot.
I should've known
they were still alive.
All right, PX-7, attack!
[BOTH]
Huh?
[SANJI, ZORO]
Get lost!
[ZORO]
I'm the one who got him.
Keep dreaming! My kick
broke his neck!
[PIRATES scream]
It's the real Straw Hats!
They're monsters!
The fake ones were nothing
like this at all!
By the way, Luffy,
you're number nine.
Nobody cares! Would
you give up on that?!
Everyone's waiting at the
Sunny. Let's get moving.
[LUFFY]
Got it!
We're not missing this chance!
Every last Marine, after them!
[MARINES]
Yes, sir!
Man, it's been forever, huh?
I bet everyone's so cool now!
I can't wait to see!
Ha! Uh.
What happened? Let's go!
[laughs]
Ah.
[LUFFY]
Rayleigh!
It can't be.
[PIRATE Y]
That's Dark King Rayleigh!
[chuckles]
[RAYLEIGH]
I came to check on you,
but it seems you have
this under control.
In fact, you're even stronger
than when I left you.
Uh-huh!
Finally time to
see your friends.
You've been waiting
for long enough.
Thanks, Rayleigh. For real.
You did so much for me
these past two years!
[RAYLEIGH] Ha-ha. No need
to get sappy on me. Just go.
[RAYLEIGH]
Hm?
[LUFFY]
One last thing.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
You hear me?!
[chuckles]
[NARRATOR] After two long years
and one chaotic afternoon,
the Straw Hats are finally
ready to renew their voyage.
However, before they can
set off to Fishman Island,
they must contend with
a massive Navy force
determined to stop them.
Fortunately, they
returned to Sabaody
with some powerful friends.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Everyone Together! Luffy,
Setting Out for the New World!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!